


Angelica
	The newly approved rice variety, NSIC Rc122 popularly known as 'Angelica' is a location - specific rice variety for CARAGA region (Region 13). The desirable traits of 'Angelica' are as follows: 1) relatively more tolerant to the climatic conditions in CARAGA where abiotic stresses such as frequent rains, low solar radiation and frequently submerged fields commonly occur, 2) relatively more tolerant to white stemborer, BLB and sheath blight, 3) good eating quality and command higher market price comparable to IR64, 4) high yielding with an average of 5.8 t/ha (June-Nov. cropping) and 4.3 t/ha (Dec-May cropping), and 5) resistant to lodging. These characteristics of 'Angelica' and its excellent performance in the farmer's fields created high demand for this new variety.

Harvester's Sinandomeng

		A traditional favorite of the Filipino family. This great every-day, every-occasion rice is so versatile it is used for regular steamed rice, fried rice and congee. Its wide popularity confirms its place among the best varieties that Filipinos love!

		Newly-harvested rice
		Slightly sticky when cooked
		Great everyday, every-occasion rice
		Available in 2-, 5-, 10- and 25-kg packs / sacks

Maharlika
		Characteristics:
- slightly sticky when cooked
- tender when cooked (malambot)
- sweet
- long grain
- pearly white
- smooth texture
- good for household consumption


Malagkit

	Glutinous rice (Oryza sativa var. glutinosa; also called sticky rice, sweet rice or waxy rice) is a type of rice grown mainly in Southeast and East Asia and the eastern parts of South Asia, which has opaque grains, very low amylose content, and is especially sticky when cooked. While it is widely consumed across Asia, it is only a staple food in northeastern Thailand and Laos.


Mestizo
		Average yield:	5.4 t/ha
	Maximum yield:	9.9 t/ha
	Maturity:	123 days after seeding
	Height:	97 cm
	Reaction to pests & diseases:	Intermediate reaction to to blast, bacterial
	leaf blight, tungro, green leafhopper.
	Susceptible to brown planthopper and stem borer.
	Grain size:	Long
	Milling recovery:	68.7%
	Eating quality:	Soft


Magat
	
	Average yield:	5.6 t/ha
	Maximum yield:	7.6 t/ha
	Maturity:	110 days after seeding
	Height:	88 cm
	Reaction to pests & diseases:	Resistant to blast; intermediate reaction 
	to bacterial leaf blight, brown 
	and green leafhopper.
	Moderately susceptible to stem borer.
	Susceptible to tungro
	Grain size:	Long
	Milling recovery:	63.69%
	Eating quality:	Hard

Nahalin
	PSB Rc2 (NAHALIN)
Average yield:	5.1 t/ha
Maximum yield:	7.1 t/ha
Maturity:	123 days after seeding
Height:	99 cm
Reaction to pests & diseases:	Resistant to tungro. Moderately resistant
to brown planthopper and green leafhopper.
Intermediate reaction to blast,
bacterial leaf blight, stem borer.
Eating quality:	Hard

NSIC Rc186 (SALINAS 3)

		Average yield:	3.10 t/ha
		Maximum yield:	4.20 t/ha
		Maturity:	115 days after seeding
		Height:	84 cm
		Reaction to pests & diseases:	Susceptible to blast, tungro and bacterial
		leaf blight. Moderately susceptible to stem borer,
		brown planthopper and green leafhopper.
		Grain size:	Long
		Milling recovery:	69.0%
		Eating quality:	Medium*